Move Participant List and Room Metadata in (#102)
ietf-wg-mimi/mimi-protocol: draft-ietf-mimi-protocol.md

In this version of the document, we have tried to capture enough concrete
functionality to enable basic application functionality, while defining enough
of a protocol framework to indicate how to add other necessary functionality.
The following functions are likely to be needed by the complete protocol, but
are not covered here:

Authorization policy:
: In this document, we introduce a notional concept of roles for
participants, and permissions for roles. Concrete authorization policies
are defined in {{I-D.ietf-mimi-room-policy}}.

Knock and invite flows:
: This document describes how user can be added, or how authorized users can
add themselves to a group based on the policy of the room. It does not include

> flows where a user can "knock" to be asked to enter a room, nor does it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flows where a user can "knock" to ask to enter a room, nor does it
```
